$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2019Q1,v 1.1.2.7 2019/05/14 05:26:19 spz Exp $

Changes to packages and infrastructure on the pkgsrc-2019Q1 branch:

Pullup ticket #5926 - requested by markd
x11/qt5-qtbase: build fix

Pullup ticket #5927 - requested by markd
x11/qt5-qtbase: build fix

Pullup ticket #5928 - requested by nia
chat/unrealircd: build fix

Pullup ticket #5929 - requested by tsutsui
devel/protobuf, devel/py-protobuf: update (mozc-server build fix)

Pullup ticket #5941 - requested by gutteridge
net/wget: security fix

Pullup ticket #5930 - requested by taca
www/apache24: security fix

Pullup ticket #5931 - requested by taca
databases/redis: security fix

Pullup ticket #5932 - requested by taca
graphics/openjpeg: security fix

Pullup ticket #5933 - requested by taca
net/samba4: security fix

Pullup ticket #5935 - requested by taca
lang/php: build fix

Pullup ticket #5936 - requested by taca
lang/php71: security fix

Pullup ticket #5937 - requested by taca
lang/php72: security fix

Pullup ticket #5938 - requested by taca
lang/php73: security fix

Pullup ticket #5940 - requested by taca
www/contao35: security fix

Pullup ticket #5945 - requested by sborrill
net/samba: bump revision

Pullup ticket #5946 - requested by khorben
devel/libosip: security fix

Pullup ticket #5947 - requested by nia
www/gitea: security fix

Pullup ticket #5948 - requested by leot
net/youtube-dl: update to current version

Pullup ticket #5943 - requested by leot
www/webkit-gtk: build fix

Pullup ticket #5950 - requested by wiz
www/py-flask-user: build fix

Pullup ticket #5951 - requested by taca
www/php-glpi: security fix

Pullup ticket #5952 - requested by taca
www/ruby-rails42: security fix

Pullup ticket #5953 - requested by taca
www/ruby-rails51: security fix

Pullup ticket #5954 - requested by taca
www/ruby-rails52: security fix

Pullup ticket #5955 - requested by taca
graphics/png: security update

Pullup ticket #5956 - requested by taca
mail/dovecot2: security update

Pullup ticket #5963 - requested by taca
mail/dovecot2-pigeonhole: dependency update

Pullup ticket #5957 - requested by taca
net/bind912: security update

Pullup ticket #5958 - requested by taca
net/bind911: security update

Pullup ticket #5960 - requested by taca
mail/fml4: security update

Pullup ticket #5961 - requested by taca
www/drupal7: security update

Pullup ticket #5962 - requested by taca
www/drupal8: security update

Pullup ticket #5964 - requested by taca
lang/php72: security update

Pullup ticket #5965 - requested by taca
lang/php73: security update

