$NetBSD: CHANGES-pkgsrc-2019Q2,v 1.1.2.6 2019/07/23 13:06:23 bsiegert Exp $

Changes to packages and infrastructure on the pkgsrc-2019Q2 branch:

Pullup ticket #5983 - requested by kamil
net/net-snmp: build fix for PR pkg/54333

Pullup ticket #5984 - requested by nia
graphics/openimageio: build fix

Pullup ticket #5985 - requested by nia
emulators/dosbox: security fix

Pullup ticket #5986 - requested by nia
news/newsbeuter: build fix

Pullup ticket #5987 - requested by sevan
bootstrap: macOS build fix

Pullup ticket #5988 - requested by hauke
www/php-glpi: security fix

Pullup ticket #5989 - requested by leot
print/mupdf: security fix

Pullup ticket #5990 - requested by nia
graphics/SDL2_image: security fix

Pullup ticket #5991 - requested by nia
security/libtomcrypt: security fix

Pullup ticket #5992 - requested by nia
lang/npm: build fix

Pullup ticket #5993 - requested by he
lang/clisp: build fix

Pullup ticket #5994 - requested by schmonz
net/fehqlibs: bugfix
net/djbdnscurve6, net/ucspi-ssl, net/ucspi-tcp6: bump revision

Pullup ticket #5995 - requested by nia
audio/libmad: security fix

Pullup ticket #5996 - requested by nia
audio/faad2: security fix

Pullup ticket #5997 - requested by taca
fonts/ricty-ttf: build fix

Pullup ticket #5998 - requested by nia
audio/libsndfile: security fix

Pullup ticket #5999 - requested by nia
archivers/unzip: security fix

Pullup ticket #6000 - requested by nia
audio/audacity: i386 build fix

Pullup ticket #6001 - requested by nia
audio/cmus: i386 build fix

Pullup ticket #6003 - requested by gutteridge
x11/libxfceui: build fix

Pullup ticket #6004 - requested by nia
graphics/tiff: security fix

Pullup ticket #6005 - requested by nia
audio/taglib: security fix

Pullup ticket #6006 - requested by nia
archivers/p7zip: security fix

Pullup ticket #6007 - requested by nia
graphics/ImageMagick: security fix

Pullup ticket #6008 - requested by nia
devel/SDL: security fix

Pullup ticket #6009 - requested by leot
net/mitmproxy: bugfix

Pullup ticket #6010 - requested by rillig
bootstrap: Solaris 10 build fix (PR pkg/54349)

Pullup ticket #6011 - requested by fox
audio/fasttracker2: update, i386 build fix

